Fix the contribution guide (#113)
api-platform/client-generator: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Pull requests

### Installing the source version

To install the source version of API Platform Admin in your project and contribute a patch, run the following command:

> ```console

Reviewer: Please harmonize the whole file.

> # Link the source version of API Platform admin

Reviewer: To change.

> $ cd ..

Reviewer: To remove.

## Pull requests

### Installing the source version

> To install the source version of the Client Generator in your project and contribute a patch, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the source version of the API Platform Client Generator in your project and contribute a patch, run the following commands:
```

```console
$ git clone git@github.com:api-platform/client-generator.git

> $ cd client-generator

Reviewer: I would prefer if the `yarn watch` was here.

```

You can now hack in the cloned repository of `client-generator`. If you want to test your work, a `lib/index.js` file containing your last changes will be created each time you invoke `yarn build`. You can also use `yarn watch` to make it created each time a change is performed in your code!

### Testing your changes

Before sending a Pull Request, make sure the tests pass correctly:

```console
$ yarn test
```

### Matching coding standards

> The Client Generator project is inspired by the [Airbnb JavaScript style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Platform Client Generator project is inspired by the [Airbnb JavaScript style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).
```

When you send a PR, just make sure that:

> * You add valid test cases and run them (`yarn test`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You add valid test cases (you can run them using `yarn test`).
```
